In addition to other defects , I'm a stubborn man and hate to admit to the common garden variety of bad judgment .
The words of Cardinal Newman come forcibly to mind : `` Oh how we hate one another for the love of God '' ! !
At the same time , I am aware that my recoil could be interpreted by readers of the tea leaves at the bottom of my psyche as an incestuous sign , since theirs is a science of paradox : if one hates , they say it is because one loves ; ;
Your mother hated this way of life .
Some interfaith tensions are not occasioned by theological differences at all , but by the need of men to have persons they can blame , distrust , denounce , and even hate .
In that moment of vision Adam heard the voice within himself saying : I must not hate him , I must not hate him or I shall die .
There is no reason why most theatergoers should not have a pretty good time at `` Donnybrook '' , unless they are permanently in the mood of Enright when he sings about how easily he could hate the lovable Irish .
When Beckett's name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett `` hates life '' .
In the wide range of experiences common to our earth-bound race none is more difficult to manage , more troublesome , and more enduring in its effects than the control of love and hate .
At another phase in the therapy , when a pathogenic mother-introject began to emerge more and more upon the investigative scene , she muttered in a low but intense voice , to herself , `` I hate that woman inside me '' ! !
it was as if she was showing me one of the reasons why she hated that woman inside her .
`` I hate to have these things come up again and again '' , Dr. Jenkins commented as he made his suggestion .
I think that readers generally hate minute polemics and recriminations .
In my mind , I began to review : his use of hate to gain support ; ;
Naturally , the patient does not say , `` I hate my father '' , or `` Sibling rivalry is what bugs me '' .
But Torrio and Capone had graver cause to hate and distrust the Irishman .
With lyrical intensity they reveal what they hate , but their faith in love , inspired by the revolutionary rhythms of jazz , culminates in the climax of the orgasm .
He concluded that selective service would not only prevent the disorganization of essential war industries but would avoid the undesirable moral effects of the British reliance on enlistment only -- `` where the feeling of the people was whipped into a frenzy by girls pinning white feathers on reluctant young men , orators preaching hate of the Germans , and newspapers exaggerating enemy outrages to make men enlist out of motives of revenge and retaliation '' .
I hate embarrassing silences and have been known to make a fool out of myself just to prevent one .
Desegregation has been opposed by massive resistance , interposition , pupil assignment ( with no assignments of Negro children ) , and hate bombings .
The word also made him feel hate , sincere hate , for those so labeled .
I hate Warsaw , he said to himself .
I hate Poland and all the goddamned mothers' sons of them .
But now I think I hate it very much '' .
I hate it .
I hate it '' .
Here , too , the cause to hate lay well back in the years .
If she runs around with other men , and if you hate her as you say , why not just divorce her '' ? ?
`` You don't hate me any more '' ? ?
`` I hate to leave my garden '' , Gavin said .
He swung toward the front to give the news to Hettie , then stopped , barred from her by the vehemence of her blame and hate .
You hate me , you hate my guts , because I like to hunt .
You actually hate me -- and we both know it -- because I killed that filthy snake .
Waddell had heard that he had been a commando in Rommel's Afrika Corps , and he said to himself : I'd hate to run into him in the desert on a dark night .
Delphine stood like stone , her eyes alive with hate as she looked down at the sheeted corpse .
And he can be on the way to Memphis , your Gratt Shafer can , and you discover you can stay alive and hate him and love him and want him even if it means you want him -- really want him -- dead .
I love you , I hate you , I feel like killing you and myself , and in the same sequence I love you I think you're the most wonderful the most noble and so on and on , meanwhile eating a good breakfast and dinner and enjoying living .
At the same time that I thought I understood her at long last and pitied her , underneath this knowing had there burned unquenched by my pity a fire of hate , an enduring envy that burst out in that ghastly outcry ? ?
`` I hate to call the doctor but if this keeps up I'll just have to ! !
`` They are ugly and they eat chickens and I hate snakes '' .
`` They're ugly and I hate them '' , the boy insisted .
I hate that .
We've all been rich and spoiled long enough to hate the machine age .
